gh-142557: fix UAF in `bytearray.__mod__` when object is mutated while formatting `%`-style arguments (#143213)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-12-27-12-25-06.gh-issue-142557.KWOc8b.rst

> Fix a use-after-free crash in :meth:`bytearray.__mod__` when the

Author: ```suggestion
Fix a use-after-free crash in :ref:`bytearray.__mod__ <printf-style-bytes-formatting>` when the
```

> Fix a use-after-free crash in :ref:`bytearray.__mod__ <bytes-formatting>` when the

Reviewer: This can happen not when the `__repr__()` method mutates the bytearray, but when it is mutated (most likely in other thread, can can also be triggered by GC) during execution of the `__repr__()` method. And not only, but `__index__()`, `__float__()` and other overridable special methods. `__repr__()` is just an example used for easy reproducing the issue.

So remove mention of concrete `__repr__()`, and use "mutated during formatting of the arguments" or something like.

> Fix a use-after-free crash in :ref:`bytearray.__mod__ <printf-style-bytes-formatting>` when the

Author: ```suggestion
Fix a use-after-free crash in :ref:`bytearray.__mod__ <bytes-formatting>` when the
```
